---
layout: post
title:  "Conference posters, but better!"
date: 2021-11-02 00:00:00
image: laptop2.jpg
isStaticPost: false
---
## What is this poster business?
As a multi-disciplinary festival of digital research tools and new methods in open research, we know it’s likely our participants won’t know each other. So we try to make this easy, by
encourage everyone involved to make a poster talking about the digital tools you use in your work. Let’s face it, after multiple lockdowns, our social skills are probably a little rusty too.

### How do I do it?
[Use our simple template](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1SBVHuiI5zEDDl6roP-38xzW15lMoT9bg59lxXvA0M0k/edit#slide=id.gfd030064e4_0_15) to share your expertise and your favourite software tools for research. Tell us about your research interests and maybe this can help to find future collaborators? Maybe you want someone to commiserate with about your least favourite piece of software? We also set aside space for you to share future learning goals. If there’s something you’ve always wanted to learn, let us know! Chances are someone across our community will have some advice and guidance.

### Ok I’ve made my poster, what now?
If our event was f2f, we’d be printing these out on paper and sending you around with a pen and stack of sticky notes to comment on each others’ posters. 
Instead, we’re hosting a poster gallery in the daily gathertown space. Be sure to [register for ResBaz](https://www.eventbrite.com.au/e/resbaz-sydney-2021-tickets-169068026017), and we’ll send you the gathertown link where you can check out each other’s posters. 
